{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\dbch\af5\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af6 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af6 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4010}}\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567\deftab567

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1140\margrsxn1140\margtsxn1140\margbsxn1140\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1140\margr1140\margt1140\margb1140\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1140\margrsxn1140\margtsxn1140\margbsxn1140\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It's a New Year and a time for changes. As you know I have moved and taken a new job. In addition, I'm working in some \'93interesting\'94 areas of internet and web work. With all of the changes in how I am running my life, I have decided to get out of the hosting side of things. I don't have the time to do a good job for you and I also want to start using the server for some of those interesting experiments, experiments that could result in outages...which would be bad for you.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
However, I haven't left you on your own. To make this move as seamless as possible, I've been fortunate to meet and spend time with Yosef Maayan (his greeting is below). I've been impressed with his integrity, his willingness to work hard and learn, and his concern that you have the best hosting experience available at the price. Speaking of which, he is keeping his prices in line with what I was charging you.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What does that all mean for you? Your site(s) has been transitioned to his server. It is the same setup that you had before and if you do nothing at all, you'll continue as you always have. There were very few glitches in the move and those have all been addressed so far.  Assuming you are current on your invoices, your hosting will continue on the same date schedule.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you choose to seek hosting elsewhere, Yosef and I will make that move as easy as possible. However I believe you will be hard pressed to find hosting that is as cost effective and as personal as what Yosef will provide. And I will be available to him, and you, for the foreseeable future.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I have enjoyed serving you over the years and have done everything that I can to help make your presence on the web reliable and as stress free as possible. To that same end I have found you a host in Yosef who will, if you choose to stay with him, continue that way of doing business.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As always, if you have any questions just send me an email. While this is exciting for me, it should be the same old same old for you...which is what you want your hosting to be. Thanks for letting me serve you.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Here's Yosef!.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
*****}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\tx567\tx1134\tx1701\tx2268\tx2835\tx3402\tx3969\tx4536\tx5103\tx5670\tx6237\tx6804{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hello, my name is Yosef Maayan. I look forward to helping you with the web hosting of your sites as we move them from Doug. We will be working together to make sure that the transition is as seamless as possible for everyone and we will work quickly to correct any issue that may crop up. Just as Doug did, I will make myself available by email to anyone who has any questions or concerns or who may need help or advice regarding their hosting or website. My goal is to continue to provide the same excellent level of service for which Doug is famous.}
\par }